b1;	Begin T1: Record is added to transaction table with Tid=1 and TS(T1)=1. T1 state=Active.
r1(Y);  The transaction state for transaction T1 is Active so entry for data item Y has been entered in the lock table and transaction T1 has procured Read Lock on it.

w1(Y);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item Y by T1, lock table updated to mode W.

r1(Z);  The transaction state for transaction T1 is Active so entry for data item Z has been entered in the lock table and transaction T1 has procured Read Lock on it.

b2;	Begin T2: Record is added to transaction table with Tid=2 and TS(T2)=2. T2 state=Active.
r2(Y);  Transaction T2 has been blocked and Read operation on Y has been added to the blocked operation queue in the transaction table and transaction T2 has been added to the waiting list in the lock table.

b3;	Begin T3: Record is added to transaction table with Tid=3 and TS(T3)=3. T3 state=Active.
r3(Z);  Z read locked by T3: Lock Table record for Z is created with mode Read (T3 holds lock).

w3(Z);  Transaction T3 has been blocked because it has applied Write lock on the same data item.
b4;	Begin T4: Record is added to transaction table with Tid=4 and TS(T4)=4. T4 state=Active.
r4(X);  The transaction state for transaction T4 is Active so entry for data item X has been entered in the lock table and transaction T4 has procured Read Lock on it.

r4(Y);  Transaction T4 has been blocked and Read operation on Y has been added to the blocked operation queue in the transaction table and transaction T4 has been added to the waiting list in the lock table.

e1;  Commit operation on transaction T1 has been added to the blocked operation queue.
w4(X);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item X by T4, lock table updated to mode W.

e3;  Commit operation on transaction T3 has been added to the blocked operation queue.
e2;  T2 state=Commit. T2 releases all locks held by T2
w4(Y);  Transaction T1 has been blocked because of procuring lock on same data item Y and write operation for Y has been added to the blocked operation queue of transaction table and the transaction T1 has been added to the waiting list of lock table.

Transaction T4 has released write lock on X
e4;  T4 state=Commit. T4 releases all locks held by T4