b1;	 Begin T1: Record added to the transaction table with Tid=1and TS(T1)=1. T1 state=Active.
r1(Y);  The transaction state for transaction T1 is Active so entry for data item Y has been made in the lock table and transaction T1 has procured Read Lock on it.

r1(Z);  The transaction state for transaction T1 is Active so entry for data item Z has been made in the lock table and transaction T1 has procured Read Lock on it.

b2;	 Begin T2: Record added to the transaction table with Tid=2and TS(T2)=2. T2 state=Active.
r2(Y);  Y read locked by T2: Lock Table record for Y is created with mode Read (T2 holds lock).

b3;	 Begin T3: Record added to the transaction table with Tid=3and TS(T3)=3. T3 state=Active.
r3(Y);  Y read locked by T3: Lock Table record for Y is created with mode Read (T3 holds lock).

w1(Z);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item Z by T1, lock table updated to mode W.

Transaction T1 has released write lock on Z
e1; T1 state=Commit. T1 releases all locks held by T1
w2(Y);  Transaction T2 has been blocked because it has higher timestamp.
Releasing locks procured by transaction T3
Aborting transaction T3...
r2(X);  Transaction T2 is in blocked state Read operation on data item X has been added to the blocked operation queue of transaction table and the transaction T2 has been added to the waiting list of lock table.

b4;	 Begin T4: Record added to the transaction table with Tid=4and TS(T4)=4. T4 state=Active.
r4(Z);  The transaction state for transaction T4 is Active so entry for data item Z has been made in the lock table and transaction T4 has procured Read Lock on it.

r4(Y);  Y read locked by T4: Lock Table record for Y is created with mode Read (T4 holds lock).

w2(X);  Transaction T2 is in blocked state Write operation on data item X has been added to the blocked operation queue of transaction table and the transaction T2 has been added to the waiting list of lock table.

e2;  Commit operation on transaction T2 has been added to the blocked operation queue
w4(Z);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item Z by T4, lock table updated to mode W.

e3;  Transaction T3 cannot be committed because it has already been aborted.
w4(Y);  Transaction T4 has been blocked because it has higher timestamp.
e4;  Commit operation on transaction T4 has been added to the blocked operation queue