b1;	 Begin T1: Record added to the transaction table with Tid=1and TS(T1)=1. T1 state=Active.
r1(Y);  The transaction state for transaction T1 is Active so entry for data item Y has been made in the lock table and transaction T1 has procured Read Lock on it.

w1(Y);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item Y by T1, lock table updated to mode W.

r1(Z);  The transaction state for transaction T1 is Active so entry for data item Z has been made in the lock table and transaction T1 has procured Read Lock on it.

b3;	 Begin T3: Record added to the transaction table with Tid=3and TS(T3)=2. T3 state=Active.
r3(X);  The transaction state for transaction T3 is Active so entry for data item X has been made in the lock table and transaction T3 has procured Read Lock on it.

w3(X);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item X by T3, lock table updated to mode W.

w1(Z);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item Z by T1, lock table updated to mode W.

Transaction T1 has released write lock on Y
Transaction T1 has released write lock on Z
e1; T1 state=Commit. T1 releases all locks held by T1
r3(Y);  The transaction state for transaction T3 is Active so entry for data item Y has been made in the lock table and transaction T3 has procured Read Lock on it.

b2;	 Begin T2: Record added to the transaction table with Tid=2and TS(T2)=3. T2 state=Active.
r2(Z);  The transaction state for transaction T2 is Active so entry for data item Z has been made in the lock table and transaction T2 has procured Read Lock on it.

w2(Z);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item Z by T2, lock table updated to mode W.

w3(Y);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item Y by T3, lock table updated to mode W.

Transaction T3 has released write lock on X
Transaction T3 has released write lock on Y
e3; T3 state=Commit. T3 releases all locks held by T3
r2(X);  The transaction state for transaction T2 is Active so entry for data item X has been made in the lock table and transaction T2 has procured Read Lock on it.

w2(X);   Read lock upgraded to write lock for item X by T2, lock table updated to mode W.

Transaction T2 has released write lock on Z
Transaction T2 has released write lock on X
e2; T2 state=Commit. T2 releases all locks held by T2